# kickstarter-analysis
Performing analysis on Kickstarter data to uncover trends
The purpose of this analysis was to help Louise review revenue goals for various Kickstarters.  To do this, we filtered our data and provided her with different charts and tables that would help us paint a picture of the data.  More specifically, in most tasks we were analyzing data for theater campaigns in the US, to acheave the main goal of analyzing different successful, failed or canceled campaigns.  By analyzing, we can determine factors on why some campaigns were successful and others weren't.
In my analysis, I used different examples that required modifications for the kickstarter analysis.  I did not have much trouble with most formulas and examples except it seems I have something slightly off in my Outcomes vs Goals image.  It does not match the example fully, but I have not been able to determine where there is an error.  One other area where I experienced challenges that I was able to overcome was in the pivot table section.  I was not pulling the correct data and was receiving "blank(s)" as an option.  After working through some trial and error, I saw I just needed to clear my filters so every field would populate.  After this correction I was able to pull the same numbers as in the example.  
We were able to make some conclusions based on the sheets we provided.  For one, we could clearly determine from one line graph that May was the best month to launch a theater campaign. We also saw that the most successful campaigns had goals from 1000 to 4999.  I believe a limitation of this dataset is that we do not know which campaigns ended up being profitable and which were not.  I believe another chart we could make that help make a useful conclusion is to make a visualization that showed which campaigns had the highest average donations.
